Clarify we don't support loading proto's from artifacts outside sbt (#764)
akka/akka-grpc: docs/src/main/paradox/buildtools/gradle.md

## Proto source directory

The plugin looks for `.proto` files under `src/main/protobuf`.

> Loading proto files from other directories this is currenlty not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading proto files from other directories is currently not supported.
```

If you are interested in this feature you can find more background in issue
[#288](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc/issues/288)

## Loading proto files from artifacts

In gRPC it is common to make the version of the protocol you are supporting
explicit by duplicating the proto definitions in your project.

When using @ref[sbt](sbt.md) as a build system, we also support loading your
proto definitions from a dependency classpath. This is not yet supported

> for Maven an @ref[Gradle](gradle.md). If you are interested in this feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Maven and @ref[Gradle](gradle.md). If you are interested in this feature
```
